Docs: minor fixes to developer docs (#49790)
grafana/grafana: contribute/architecture/backend/services.md

Before a service can start communicating with the rest of Grafana, it needs to be registered with Wire, see `ProvideService` factory function/method in the service example below and how it's being referenced in the wire.go example below.

> When Wire is run, it will inspect the parameters of `ProvideService` and make sure that all its dependencies have been wired up and initialized properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Wire is run, it inspects the parameters of `ProvideService` and makes sure that all its dependencies have been wired up and initialized properly.
```
```suggestion
When Wire is run, it will inspect the parameters of `ProvideService` and make sure that all its dependencies have been wired up and initialized properly.
```

> When Wire is run, it will inspect the parameters of `ProvideService` and make sure that all its dependencies have been wired up and initialized properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Wire is run, it inspects the parameters of `ProvideService` and makes sure that all its dependencies have been wired up and initialized properly.
```
```suggestion
When Wire is run, it will inspect the parameters of `ProvideService` and make sure that all its dependencies have been wired up and initialized properly.
```

## Background services

> A background service is a service that runs in the background of the lifecycle between Grafana startup and shutdown. If you want a service to be run in the background, your Service should satisfy the `registry.BackgroundService` interface and add it as argument to the [ProvideBackgroundServiceRegistry](/pkg/server/backgroundsvcs/background_services.go) function and add it as argument to `NewBackgroundServiceRegistry` to register it as a background service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A background service is a service that runs in the background of the lifecycle between Grafana startup and shutdown. If you want a service to be run in the background, your service should satisfy the `registry.BackgroundService` interface and add it as argument to the [ProvideBackgroundServiceRegistry](/pkg/server/backgroundsvcs/background_services.go) function and add it as argument to `NewBackgroundServiceRegistry` to register it as a background service.
```
```suggestion
A background service is a service that runs in the background of the lifecycle between Grafana startup and shutdown. If you want a service to be run in the background, your Service should satisfy the `registry.BackgroundService` interface and add it as argument to the [ProvideBackgroundServiceRegistry](/pkg/server/backgroundsvcs/background_services.go) function and add it as argument to `NewBackgroundServiceRegistry` to register it as a background service.
```

> A background service is a service that runs in the background of the lifecycle between Grafana startup and shutdown. If you want a service to be run in the background, your Service should satisfy the `registry.BackgroundService` interface and add it as argument to the [ProvideBackgroundServiceRegistry](/pkg/server/backgroundsvcs/background_services.go) function and add it as argument to `NewBackgroundServiceRegistry` to register it as a background service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A background service is a service that runs in the background of the lifecycle between Grafana startup and shutdown. If you want a service to be run in the background, your service should satisfy the `registry.BackgroundService` interface and add it as argument to the [ProvideBackgroundServiceRegistry](/pkg/server/backgroundsvcs/background_services.go) function and add it as argument to `NewBackgroundServiceRegistry` to register it as a background service.
```
```suggestion
A background service is a service that runs in the background of the lifecycle between Grafana startup and shutdown. If you want a service to be run in the background, your Service should satisfy the `registry.BackgroundService` interface and add it as argument to the [ProvideBackgroundServiceRegistry](/pkg/server/backgroundsvcs/background_services.go) function and add it as argument to `NewBackgroundServiceRegistry` to register it as a background service.
```

> A background service is a service that runs in the background of the lifecycle between Grafana startup and shutdown. If you want a service to be run in the background, your Service should satisfy the `registry.BackgroundService` interface and add it as argument to the [ProvideBackgroundServiceRegistry](/pkg/server/backgroundsvcs/background_services.go) function and add it as argument to `NewBackgroundServiceRegistry` to register it as a background service.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the word "satisfy" --is there another word we can use? I think the last sentence has double info-can you take another look?

Author: "Satisfy an interface" is a little odd, yes; usually you "implement" an interface. I just didn't touch that because I wasn't 100% sure what needs to happen, and/or if there's some special language around golang (which I don't know, personally).

Re-checking

Author: Looking around at Go language documentation -- "satisfy" is standard wording, so I'll keep that here.

An interface is basically a list of functions (sometimes a list of just one). If a service "satisfies" the interface, that means it passes the check "does it include all of the functions listed in the interface?"

Reviewer: Ok:)

> A background service is a service that runs in the background of the lifecycle between Grafana startup and shutdown. If you want a service to be run in the background, your Service should satisfy the `registry.BackgroundService` interface and add it as argument to the [ProvideBackgroundServiceRegistry](/pkg/server/backgroundsvcs/background_services.go) function and add it as argument to `NewBackgroundServiceRegistry` to register it as a background service.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the word "satisfy" --is there another word we can use? I think the last sentence has double info-can you take another look?

Author: Fixing this sentence; yep, weirdly worded

You can see an example implementation above of the Run method.

## Disabled services

> If you want to guarantee that a background service is not run by Grafana when certain criteria are met/service is disabled, your service should satisfy the `registry.CanBeDisabled` interface. When the service.IsDisabled method returns false, Grafana will not call the service.Run method.

Reviewer: when certain criteria are met or the service is inactive? deactivated? It'd be good to choose a word other than 'disabled'.

> If you want to guarantee that a background service is not run by Grafana when certain criteria are met/service is disabled, your service should satisfy the `registry.CanBeDisabled` interface. When the service.IsDisabled method returns false, Grafana will not call the service.Run method.

Reviewer: when certain criteria are met or the service is inactive? deactivated? It'd be good to choose a word other than 'disabled'.

If you want to run certain initialization code if service is disabled or not, you need to handle this in the service factory method.

You can see an example implementation above of the IsDisabled method and custom initialization code when service is disabled.

## Run Wire / generate code

> When running `make run` it will call `make gen-go` on the first run. `gen-go` in turn will call the wire binary and generate the code in [wire_gen.go](/pkg/server/wire_gen.go) and [wire_gen.go](/pkg/cmd/grafana-cli/runner/wire_gen.go). The wire binary is installed using [bingo](https://github.com/bwplotka/bingo) which will download and install all the tools needed, including the Wire binary at the specified version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running `make run` calls `make gen-go` on the first run. `gen-go` will then call the wire binary and generate the code in [wire_gen.go](/pkg/server/wire_gen.go) and [wire_gen.go](/pkg/cmd/grafana-cli/runner/wire_gen.go). The wire binary is installed using [bingo](https://github.com/bwplotka/bingo), which downloads and installs all the tools needed, including the Wire binary at the specified version.
```
```suggestion
When running `make run` it will call `make gen-go` on the first run. `gen-go` in turn will call the wire binary and generate the code in [wire_gen.go](/pkg/server/wire_gen.go) and [wire_gen.go](/pkg/cmd/grafana-cli/runner/wire_gen.go). The wire binary is installed using [bingo](https://github.com/bwplotka/bingo) which will download and install all the tools needed, including the Wire binary at the specified version.
```

> When running `make run` it will call `make gen-go` on the first run. `gen-go` in turn will call the wire binary and generate the code in [wire_gen.go](/pkg/server/wire_gen.go) and [wire_gen.go](/pkg/cmd/grafana-cli/runner/wire_gen.go). The wire binary is installed using [bingo](https://github.com/bwplotka/bingo) which will download and install all the tools needed, including the Wire binary at the specified version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running `make run` calls `make gen-go` on the first run. `gen-go` will then call the wire binary and generate the code in [wire_gen.go](/pkg/server/wire_gen.go) and [wire_gen.go](/pkg/cmd/grafana-cli/runner/wire_gen.go). The wire binary is installed using [bingo](https://github.com/bwplotka/bingo), which downloads and installs all the tools needed, including the Wire binary at the specified version.
```
```suggestion
When running `make run` it will call `make gen-go` on the first run. `gen-go` in turn will call the wire binary and generate the code in [wire_gen.go](/pkg/server/wire_gen.go) and [wire_gen.go](/pkg/cmd/grafana-cli/runner/wire_gen.go). The wire binary is installed using [bingo](https://github.com/bwplotka/bingo) which will download and install all the tools needed, including the Wire binary at the specified version.
```
